So let's continue working in this video we're going to print the icons.
So we're going to leave anybody in these when we have columns for.
So we're going to print four of the three of these babies based on race.
So next we're going to teach people to be there field and we're going to bring the comperes So we're
going up and the group and Rachel like her future and what sort of an inside single quotes that Barlu
ending what are going to happen and what do these play these copy these.
Embraced the mix and I think we can copy these here right here and here.
So we're going to change the numbers to two and three and three save these and reload it's got to add
up.
And you can see we have free Shippen secure payments and retros and refunds and a D.A. in every part
of their we need to have that.
You don't call them features on are reforms in every order.
Something was missing right there Cirilo.
And you can see this is looking nice.
We are printing these.
For example let's say that our client wants to add something else.
Maybe they found or they want to display a special brochure free shipping or there's over 50 and the
the they feel and the Boston Globe.
And you can see we have 50.
So definitely this is looking nice.
This is something that we can make really easily thanks to advance custom fields and all comers.
But in the next video we're going to see how we can use this section with some success.